@W-13666502 - Removed offline products in baskets (#1691)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/template-retail-react-app/CHANGELOG.md

- Fix internal server error on account pages [#1675](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/1675)
- Fix `product-item` component imports to ensure that it is overridable. [#1672](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/1672)
- Fix locale selector navigating back to default locale [#1670](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/1670)

> - Fix offline products in basket [#1691](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/1691)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix handling of offline products on Cart, Checkout, Order History, and Wishlist pages [#1691](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/1691)
```
